doc(README): Mention that there are default mock users for local dev (#335)
SAP-samples/cloud-cap-samples-java: README.md

You'll start with a predefined stock of books as this procedure starts the bookshop application with a CSV-initialized in-memory H2 database.

> Two [additional mock users](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/security#preconfigured-mock-users)

Reviewer: Maybe: Two mock users in addition to the [default mock users](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/security#preconfigured-mock-users) are defined for local development:

Author: :+1:

```suggestion
Two mock users in addition to the [default mock users](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/security#preconfigured-mock-users)
```
